Document: add sidecar ConfigMap document and update IOChaos document (#113)
pingcap/chaos-mesh: doc/io_chaos.md

> While admission controllers are enabled by default, some Kubernetes distributions may disable them. 
> If this is the case, follow the instructions to [turn on admission controllers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#how-do-i-turn-on-an-admission-controller).     
> [ValidatingAdmissionWebhooks](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#validatingadmissionwebhook) and [MutatingAdmissionWebhooks](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#mutatingadmissionwebhook) are required by IO chaos.

### Data directory

The data directory of the application in the target pod should be a **subdirectory** of `PersistentVolumes`.

example:
```yaml
# the config about tikv PersistentVolumes 
volumeMounts:
  - name: datadir
    mountPath: /var/lib/tikv

# the arguments to start tikv
ARGS="--pd=${CLUSTER_NAME}-pd:2379 \
  --advertise-addr=${HOSTNAME}.${HEADLESS_SERVICE_NAME}.${NAMESPACE}.svc:20160 \
  --addr=0.0.0.0:20160 \
  --data-dir=/var/lib/tikv/data \  # data directory
  --capacity=${CAPACITY} \
  --config=/etc/tikv/tikv.toml
```

## Usage

### Configure a ConfigMap 

> Chaos Mesh uses sidecar container to implement IO chaos and uses the [ConfigMap](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-pod-configmap/) to define the sidecar container. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chaos Mesh uses sidecar container to inject IO chaos, to fulfill this chaos you need to configure this sidecar container using a [ConfigMap](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-pod-configmap/)
```

> While admission controllers are enabled by default, some Kubernetes distributions may disable them. 
> If this is the case, follow the instructions to [turn on admission controllers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#how-do-i-turn-on-an-admission-controller).     
> [ValidatingAdmissionWebhooks](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#validatingadmissionwebhook) and [MutatingAdmissionWebhooks](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/#mutatingadmissionwebhook) are required by IO chaos.

#### Data directory

The data directory of the application in the target pod should be a **subdirectory** of `PersistentVolumes`.

example:
```yaml
# the config about tikv PersistentVolumes 
volumeMounts:
  - name: datadir
    mountPath: /var/lib/tikv

# the arguments to start tikv
ARGS="--pd=${CLUSTER_NAME}-pd:2379 \
  --advertise-addr=${HOSTNAME}.${HEADLESS_SERVICE_NAME}.${NAMESPACE}.svc:20160 \
  --addr=0.0.0.0:20160 \
  --data-dir=/var/lib/tikv/data \  # data directory
  --capacity=${CAPACITY} \
  --config=/etc/tikv/tikv.toml
```

## Usage

> #### ConfigMap

Reviewer: replace #### with ###

Reviewer: and use `configure a configMap` rather than 'ConfigMap' as the title

Chaos Mesh uses sidecar container to implement IO chaos and uses the [ConfigMap](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-pod-configmap/) to define the sidecar container. 
You need to defines the specific ConfigMap for your application before using IO chaos.
You can refer this [document](sidecar_configmap.md) to define a ConfigMap for your application. 

You can apply the ConfigMap defined for your application to Kubernetes cluster by using this command:

```bash
kubectl apply -f app-configmap.yaml # app-configmap.yaml is the ConfigMap file 
```

> #### Before the application starts

Reviewer: Move this two parts after `YAML file`?

In this situation, you can add an [annotation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/annotations/) to the application namespace:

```yaml
admission-webhook.pingcap.com/init-request:chaosfs-tikv
```

Then, you can start your application and define YAML file to start your chaos experiment.

#### If the application is already running

In this situation, you just need to define YAML file to start your chaos experiment. 

> Note that if you are in this situation, the target pods will be modified dynamically and restarted.

> #### YAML file

Reviewer: prefer `Define the Chaos yaml file`

    cron: "@every 10m"	
```

> For more sample files, see [examples](../examples). You can edit them as needed. 

Description: 

* **selector**: is used to select pods that are used to inject chaos actions.

* **action**: represents the IO chaos actions. Currently the **delay**, **errno**, and **mixed** actions are supported. You can go to [*IO chaos available actions*](#io-chaos-available-actions) for more details.
* **mode**: defines the mode to run chaos actions. Supported mode: `one` / `all` / `fixed` / `fixed-percent` / `random-max-percent`.
* **duration**: represents the duration of a chaos action. The duration might be a string with the signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as `"300ms"`, `"-1.5h"` or `"2h45m"`.
* **delay**: defines the value of IO chaos action delay. The duration might be a string with the signed sequence of decimal numbers, each with optional fraction and a unit suffix, such as `"300ms"`, `"-1.5h"` or `”2h45m”`. Valid time units are "ns", "us" (or "µs"), "ms", "s", "m", and "h".
  If `Delay` is empty, the operator will generate a value for it randomly.

> * **errno**: defines the error code that is returned by an IO action. It is an int32 string like `"32"`. This field need to be set when you choose an `errno` or `mixed` action. If `errno` is empty, the operator will randomly generate an error code for it. You can set the `errno` by referring to [Errors: Linux System Errors](https://www-numi.fnal.gov/offline_software/srt_public_context/WebDocs/Errors/unix_system_errors.html).

Reviewer 2: For specific interfaces please look up please refer to its man manual ,such as read(2): http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man2/read.2.html

Reviewer 2: Commonly used： EINVAL， EIO，ENOMEM,
